events in American universities are
certainly inspiring students here in the
UK to come out and protest about what's
happening in Gaza we're here at the UCL
in central London but there are protests
and encampments happening at other
universities Newcastle at Warick at
Manchester uh here at UCL it's a
relatively small group I would estimate
around 50 people who have tents on the
lawn outside the main headquarters
building of the university and are
certainly making their presence felt
with the megaphones they've also been
addressed by Hassan abua who is a
medical doctor who worked in Gaza at the
beginning of the war and urged the UCL
and other universities to divest of the
investments in Israel the blood of
15,000 Palestinian children is on the
hands of anybody who owns shares in
these companies that have provided
weapons and have actually increased by
tenfold the delivery of Weapons Systems
to Israel since the 7th of October now
while encampments in America have been
cleared by the police here there seems
to be a more tolerant approach and the
UCL have issued a statement uh saying
that they are monitoring the situation
and they will manage this in line with
their legal Duty and commitment to
promote freedom of speech uh within the
law Paul Brennan AL jazer Central
[Music]
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer